All righty, so let's go ahead
and fix our failing test.
Let's go from red to green.
I'll go ahead and move into my great book controller
and move into this student information method,
zoom in here for a second.
And the first thing I want to do is check to see
if the student exists.
If the student doesn't exist,
then I'd like to return "error."
All righty, so this will cover the case
of the invalid student ID.
I'd like to add another enhancement here
in this code before we move forward.
One is that I'd like to add the student information.
So I'd like to add the student entity to the model
and then I'd also like to add the averages
for the different subjects.
So I'd like to add the Math average, the Science average
and also the History average.
And I'd like to add those averages to the model.
So we'll go ahead and write some code for that here.
In this section of code,
we'll add the Math average to the model.
And for the case that we didn't have any Math grades,
then we'll simply say N/A, not applicable.
We'll do a similar thing here
for adding a Science average to the model.
And then finally, we'll wrap it up
by adding the History average to the model.
Alrighty, so this code here looks pretty good.
Let's go ahead and run our test again.
And we see that our test passed.
That's really, really good.
So we've covered the case of if we have a valid student ID
we get the student information view.
If we have an invalid student ID, we get the error view.
So this is a all working and this is all in place.
Good job.